README.md, before:

# This is where we will store our project code as we develop it.
# The Stegocode as of (9/06/2024)

-We are able to embed a bit sequence and decode it from a black and white image and then extract it

-We are able to embed a smaller black and white photo in a larger one and then extract it

-We are able to embed a smaller colored image inside a larger one amd then extract it

-We are able to embed a string or sentence inside a colored image then extract it

# TRANSMISSION CODE as of 10/24/2024

-working transmission and reception on one radio(full duplex).
  -break down an image into bits
  -break down image into 8192 or 1kb sized arrays
  -creates a BPSK signal with 2 symbols per bit of that image array.
  -Each transmission has a 11 length barker sequence as the preamble
  -transmits these signals over in a loop
    -each time a signal is received, receiver looks for premable with cross correlation and then takes out the 2*1kb worth of sin numbers from the samples
    -from here, the extracted bits are then processed removing redundancy and converting back to 0 and 1
    -these 0's and 1's are placed in back into an array, that once all loops are finsihed, should have the reconstructed image information
  -reconstructs the image back to png and saves it to computer from the image array that was appended to after each loop
  
-has a short 4 length DSSS spreading sequence version that also works, just has a spreading step before transmission that is applied only to the data and not the preabmle, and also a despreading step that is done after the preamble is found and the spreaded bits are extracted.

# Screenshots of output to check if things are working like for us
(Successful Cross Corelated regular 10 bit long transmissions)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37b4e735-849c-419b-af27-73e36830c64b)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0dcb997e-834f-4fea-809b-228ba96759f7)
(successful DSSS of small 10 bit transmission)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf95e2e9-c352-4a33-9150-5cab7b476b7d)
(successful Cross correlated sending of the image with and without DSSS respectivly)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5709265d-7e74-45d1-8426-5678292c5842)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02d2ced5-9375-4944-a292-4e0933430143)
*Note, as of now, sometimes there seems to be what I think is a small synchronization issue that causes rx_samples to be small and taper off to zero
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88bc8243-e674-418e-8085-29e88cf49e37)

# TRANSMISSION CODE as of 10/31/2024
- Was able to transmit hello to one radio from another on two seperate pc's
- note it wasnt always accurate, and it may have to do with my logic
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/75121aff-510b-4a26-9852-8be02fa09ef5)
(Below is reception side and above is transmit side. Transmit side receives ack packet and looks for it , continuously transmitting the packet till it sees the ack packet.)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4368ccee-3bb9-4d27-b864-d4b226be4203)

Commit message:

Update README.md 10/31 before meeting

README.md, after:

# This is where we will store our project code as we develop it.
# The Stegocode as of (9/06/2024)

-We are able to embed a bit sequence and decode it from a black and white image and then extract it

-We are able to embed a smaller black and white photo in a larger one and then extract it

-We are able to embed a smaller colored image inside a larger one amd then extract it

-We are able to embed a string or sentence inside a colored image then extract it

# TRANSMISSION CODE as of 10/24/2024

-working transmission and reception on one radio(full duplex).
  -break down an image into bits
  -break down image into 8192 or 1kb sized arrays
  -creates a BPSK signal with 2 symbols per bit of that image array.
  -Each transmission has a 11 length barker sequence as the preamble
  -transmits these signals over in a loop
    -each time a signal is received, receiver looks for premable with cross correlation and then takes out the 2*1kb worth of sin numbers from the samples
    -from here, the extracted bits are then processed removing redundancy and converting back to 0 and 1
    -these 0's and 1's are placed in back into an array, that once all loops are finsihed, should have the reconstructed image information
  -reconstructs the image back to png and saves it to computer from the image array that was appended to after each loop
  
-has a short 4 length DSSS spreading sequence version that also works, just has a spreading step before transmission that is applied only to the data and not the preabmle, and also a despreading step that is done after the preamble is found and the spreaded bits are extracted.

# Screenshots of output to check if things are working like for us
(Successful Cross Corelated regular 10 bit long transmissions)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37b4e735-849c-419b-af27-73e36830c64b)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0dcb997e-834f-4fea-809b-228ba96759f7)
(successful DSSS of small 10 bit transmission)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf95e2e9-c352-4a33-9150-5cab7b476b7d)
(successful Cross correlated sending of the image with and without DSSS respectivly)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5709265d-7e74-45d1-8426-5678292c5842)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02d2ced5-9375-4944-a292-4e0933430143)
*Note, as of now, sometimes there seems to be what I think is a small synchronization issue that causes rx_samples to be small and taper off to zero
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88bc8243-e674-418e-8085-29e88cf49e37)

# TRANSMISSION CODE as of 10/31/2024
- Was able to transmit hello to one radio from another on two seperate pc's
- note it wasnt always accurate, and it may have to do with my logic
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/75121aff-510b-4a26-9852-8be02fa09ef5)
(Below is reception side and above is transmit side. Transmit side sends data packet and receives ack packet. It transmits the packet coninuously, while continuously receving trying to pickup the ack packet.)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4368ccee-3bb9-4d27-b864-d4b226be4203)
(the receiver, continues through a loop to grab a packet sized chunk with a preable, then sends the ack packet for one packet before timing out and finishing the program. I think the issue here lies that the loop only looks for packet sized data even if its mostly wrong, so i need to make a way to check some of the packet qquickly and make that be the determining factor if it needs to pick up a new batch of samples from the buffer)
